# Big-Data
With the rapid development of Uber, the taxis are facing more severe competition. It is more and more important to monitor, predict and understand traffic conditions of the city not only for ordinary people but also for the government. Our study using MapReduce technique, focuses on people’s travel demand on different days of the week and at different time of a day by analyzing taxi GPS data and city bike location data. We also conducted the analysis of the influence of weather on people’s travel mode by combining the taxi GPS data, city bike data and weather data of NYC. By analyzing the information of New York City taxi we can know what the taxi rush hour is during the day, and at the same time we can know the traffic condition of New York City as with increase demand for taxi, there is also an increase of amount of driving their self’s cars which leads to the worse traffic condition. We can know where and when the taxi demand is high during the day by analyzing the location of taxi pick up. Further the city bike data can provide a view that how people change their travel mode during the week or even the year. We can know the age and gender of people who would like to use city bike. Moreover, we can see where people usually take the bike and where they often return the bike. Further we can’t ignore the influence of weather on people’s travel mode. We can see difference of people’s travel choice by comparing the amount of taxi and city bike taken by people in sunny days and rainy days.
